A start at some functionality for filtering genes,
more to come...

Idea:
   have lm and glm filters that take a formula,
   bind the free variables, we supply a function that handles each x
   in turn, assigning things into the environment of the formula,
   then we call lm/glm/etc with the formula.

 This library should now be maintained at a make check level.

Next: (see geneplotter for some of these features)
    Michael is working on a genefinder: methods for finding genes that
  cluster like those in a specified list

   I would like to get a geneplot function, just using image to disply the
   data (it would be nice to be able to use the arrow keys to adjust the 
   image; maybe tcltk).

   We would like some clustering tools for genes and samples.
   It would be nice to get dendrograms on the axes of the plot.
   Color schemes?

   Dan Carr suggested that there was a principle components method for
   ordering the genes that did a bit better than the hierarchical clustering
   we should track that down.


To Do, Oct 1, 2001

 o Get some sort of ranking information for the genelists selected by either
   genefilter or genefilter2

 o Determine how to use the SE's that come from Li and Wong model-based 
   expressions, implement these and document.

 o Some papers (Tusher et al and Efron, plus I think Bob Gray in permax) have
   used a small constant to adjust the standard error estimates in the 
   denominator of t-stats. The idea seems to be that if the expression is low
   and the se is small we still are not interested, so these genes should be
   discounted somehow.
   If there is something real here then all other model based filters should
   probably incorporate that.

 o genefinder needs to have a selection mechanism added to it. Michael will 
   probably be doing this.

Notes by Vince, 25 Oct 2001:

we would like to be able to keep track of the filters that
were used to produce any given object.  it seems that we
would also like to ensure that a function applied in a
genefilter application is a filter function (i.e., only
returns a logical vector of same dimension as input).
so perhaps genefilter should accept a container of
functions that are of the filter class.  it should also
return an object that includes an attribute identifying
the container in some unambiguous way.  if the output
of genefilter can again be submitted to genefilter,
this genesis attribute must be compounded.

